Check-in scheduler (#1245)
appsignal/appsignal-ruby: .changesets/send-check-ins-concurrently.md

---
bump: patch
type: change
---

Send check-ins concurrently. When calling `Appsignal::CheckIn.cron`, instead of blocking the current thread while the check-in events are sent, schedule them to be sent in a separate thread.

> When shutting down your application, make sure to call `Appsignal.stop` to block until all scheduled check-ins have been sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When shutting down your application manually, call `Appsignal.stop` to block until all scheduled check-ins have been sent.
```
